fix(elements): Fix elements router usage (#4513)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/empty-dots-confess.md

> ---
> '@clerk/elements': patch
> '@clerk/nextjs': patch
> '@clerk/shared': patch
> '@clerk/types': patch
> ---
> 
> Fixes issues in ClerkRouter that were causing inaccurate pathnames within Elements flows.wq

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
'@clerk/elements': patch
'@clerk/nextjs': patch
'@clerk/shared': patch
'@clerk/types': patch
'@clerk/clerk-js': patch
---

Fixes issues in `ClerkRouter` that were causing inaccurate pathnames within Elements flows. Also fixes a dependency issue where `@clerk/elements` was pulling in the wrong version of `@clerk/shared`.
```
